_blog/2025-01-27-i-crashed-my-motorcycle-and-broke-my-wrist.md, before:

---
layout: blog
title: I Crashed My Motorcycle And Broke My Wrist
---

As I was closing my first anniversary riding motorcycles, I crashed, on my own.
It was a sunny saturday which the dates were showing 18th of January, 2025 and
clocks were pointing 16:10, I couldn't slow down to a corner and went straight
outside the twisties, into the bushes. After I mowed the bushes, hit the little
trees and came to a stop. I was very fortunate to not hit anything during this
period until I came to a stop. At the very last moment, hit my left wrist to
a tree.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/blogs/i-crashed-my-motorcycle-and-broke-my-wrist/20250118_161357.jpg"
  description="Trees that stopped me and broke my wrist"
%}

As a result, broke my left wrist. It didn't hurt that bad after the crash. There
were obviously a little bit of pain that my body signalling to tell me something
is wrong with my wrist. But the relocation operation which has done by a doctor,
a technician and my dad (yes they wanted help from him) hurt like hell. Glad it
only took 10-20 seconds. After this operation, doctors argued back and forth
that I should go into a surgery or not, thinking the relocation might not be
sufficient. But the final verdict was that the relocation was a success and got
discharged to home afterwards.

It is needless to say that I am extremely lucky. If I was speeding, slid or
not hold my bike firmly with my legs, I would've hurt myself extremely bad. I
am also lucky because the narrow path that I snug in only had small trees and my
motorcycle hugged them to save me.

## Why and How Did I Crashed?

As I said, I wasn't speeding. Even though it was a cold day (10 Celcius) road
and tire conditions were OK. But I wasn't paying attention to the road and this was the
main problem. I was very absent-minded about my personal matters couple of days
before the crash. I was riding it in auto-pilot mode. I learned that this is a
disastrous thing to do where one's reflexes are kind of down. Because it was
cold my hands got numb slowly. As a result, I couldn't pull the front brakes at
a level that I needed to (bad rear brakes my motorcycle has).

When I noticed I couldn't slowed down enough to the sharp and blind corner that
I was in, and got surprised. I thought to myself "What is going on at this very
moment?". It was incredibly fast. I couldn't do anything and just freezed. I
don't really remember the moment I hit the trees even though I was concious all
the time.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/blogs/i-crashed-my-motorcycle-and-broke-my-wrist/corner_that_i_crashed.gif"
  description="Corner that I went straight to the right and crashed"
%}

This whole crash sequence gave me the same vibes in the movies where a high
speed crash occurs: Time was slow before the crash. But when I saw the crash was
inevitable, it was an incredibly fast moment and background noise just wiped out
(I was listening music). I was really angry to myself about the crash afterwards
and yelled to myself. I was also very lucky that I didn't stuck under the bike
and quickly get myself out in that situation.

Luckily that road was very popular amongst the motorcyclist. People stopped and
helped me to get my motorcycle out of the bushes. They offered me help to move
my motorcycle in a safe place. Called myself an ambulance afterwards and my
parents.

I was wearing protective motorcycle equipment, from head to toe. But my gloves
(Held Madoc Max) didn't have wrist protection. I am not sure if it would've
protected me from this injury, if it has it though. I think I also hit my left
thigh because there is a bruise that I noticed afterwards. Other than these,
either I didn't hit anything or my protective equipments does their jobs
perfectly. Although I didn't find any deformations on my equipments.

## Healing Process

The cast was removed after 34 days. Doctors were saying I could still need to
go in a surgery in the intermediary checks. But in the last check, doctor said
that surgery could be needed if only bones dislocate themselves in the healing
process, so I was fine.

After the cast is removed, I felt like my hand will slip and fall because my
wrist was so out of power. It got better in a couple of seconds though. Which
was really weird but not an alien feeling for me; Not my first rodeo. Of course,
a hand in a cast for a month and prohibited to be washed is dirty even though I
didn't done anything with my hands in that period.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/blogs/i-crashed-my-motorcycle-and-broke-my-wrist/20250221_152513.jpg"
  description="Left hand is darker and dirtier than the right hand"
%}

Even though my wrist was extremely weak to hold my hand in the air, it was very
stiff to move it up and down. So the doctor suggested a specific exercise to
recover.

Commit message:

blog(crashed): Add damage done.

_blog/2025-01-27-i-crashed-my-motorcycle-and-broke-my-wrist.md, after:

---
layout: blog
title: "[DISTURBING] I Crashed My Motorcycle And Broke My Wrist"
---

As I was closing my first anniversary riding motorcycles, I crashed, on my own.
It was a sunny saturday which the dates were showing 18th of January, 2025 and
clocks were pointing 16:10, I couldn't slow down to a corner and went straight
outside the twisties, into the bushes. After I mowed the bushes, hit the little
trees and came to a stop. I was very fortunate to not hit anything during this
period until I came to a stop. At the very last moment, hit my left wrist to
a tree.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/blogs/i-crashed-my-motorcycle-and-broke-my-wrist/20250118_161357.jpg"
  description="Trees that stopped me and broke my wrist"
%}

As a result, broke my left wrist. It didn't hurt that bad after the crash. There
were obviously a little bit of pain that my body signalling to tell me something
is wrong with my wrist. But the relocation operation which has done by a doctor,
a technician and my dad (yes they wanted help from him) hurt like hell. Glad it
only took 10-20 seconds. After this operation, doctors argued back and forth
that I should go into a surgery or not, thinking the relocation might not be
sufficient. But the final verdict was that the relocation was a success and got
discharged to home afterwards.

It is needless to say that I am extremely lucky. If I was speeding, slid or
not hold my bike firmly with my legs, I would've hurt myself extremely bad. I
am also lucky because the narrow path that I snug in only had small trees and my
motorcycle hugged them to save me.

## Why and How Did I Crashed?

As I said, I wasn't speeding. Even though it was a cold day (10 Celcius) road
and tire conditions were OK. But I wasn't paying attention to the road and this was the
main problem. I was very absent-minded about my personal matters couple of days
before the crash. I was riding it in auto-pilot mode. I learned that this is a
disastrous thing to do where one's reflexes are kind of down. Because it was
cold my hands got numb slowly. As a result, I couldn't pull the front brakes at
a level that I needed to (bad rear brakes my motorcycle has).

When I noticed I couldn't slowed down enough to the sharp and blind corner that
I was in, and got surprised. I thought to myself "What is going on at this very
moment?". It was incredibly fast. I couldn't do anything and just freezed. I
don't really remember the moment I hit the trees even though I was concious all
the time.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/blogs/i-crashed-my-motorcycle-and-broke-my-wrist/corner_that_i_crashed.gif"
  description="Corner that I went straight to the right and crashed"
%}

This whole crash sequence gave me the same vibes in the movies where a high
speed crash occurs: Time was slow before the crash. But when I saw the crash was
inevitable, it was an incredibly fast moment and background noise just wiped out
(I was listening music). I was really angry to myself about the crash afterwards
and yelled to myself. I was also very lucky that I didn't stuck under the bike
and quickly get myself out in that situation.

Luckily that road was very popular amongst the motorcyclist. People stopped and
helped me to get my motorcycle out of the bushes. They offered me help to move
my motorcycle in a safe place. Called myself an ambulance afterwards and my
parents.

I was wearing protective motorcycle equipment, from head to toe. But my gloves
(Held Madoc Max) didn't have wrist protection. I am not sure if it would've
protected me from this injury, if it has it though. I think I also hit my left
thigh because there is a bruise that I noticed afterwards. Other than these,
either I didn't hit anything or my protective equipments does their jobs
perfectly. Although I didn't find any deformations on my equipments.

## Damage Done

After the crash, I really didn't notice anything wrong with my body. It lasted
for a couple of minutes until I tried to use my left hand. People asked me if
something is wrong with my body. So, I checked my wrist. The shape of it was
looking funny.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/blogs/i-crashed-my-motorcycle-and-broke-my-wrist/funny_looking_wrist.png"
  description="First moment I saw my broken wrist"
%}

The x-ray has showed clearly what was wrong. I am not going to use any medical
terms to describe it because average Joe can't understand it and not because I
don't know anything about medical terms. So, here are the pictures:

![](/assets/img/blogs/i-crashed-my-motorcycle-and-broke-my-wrist/non_lateral.png)
![](/assets/img/blogs/i-crashed-my-motorcycle-and-broke-my-wrist/lateral.png)

Both the little bones sat on top of each other and they got moved inside. See,
everyone can understand me now.

After 2 days from the crash, I also noticed a bruise on my upper leg. Looks like
I hit my leg to the same tree. I bet the impact force was the same that applied
to the wrist. But the wrist got broke and leg is bruised.

## Healing Process

The cast was removed after 34 days. Doctors were saying I could still need to
go in a surgery in the intermediary checks. But in the last check, doctor said
that surgery could be needed if only bones dislocate themselves in the healing
process, so I was fine.

After the cast is removed, I felt like my hand will slip and fall because my
wrist was so out of power. It got better in a couple of seconds though. Which
was really weird but not an alien feeling for me; Not my first rodeo. Of course,
a hand in a cast for a month and prohibited to be washed is dirty even though I
didn't done anything with my hands in that period.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/blogs/i-crashed-my-motorcycle-and-broke-my-wrist/20250221_152513.jpg"
  description="Left hand is darker and dirtier than the right hand"
%}

Even though my wrist was extremely weak to hold my hand in the air, it was very
stiff to move it up and down. So the doctor suggested a specific exercise to
recover.
