_travel-logs/2024-11-02-bangkok.md, before:

---
layout: travel_logs
title: Bangkok
cover: 20241103_174719.jpg
tags: trip
last-visit: 2024-11-02
---

I went to Bangkok as a part of a work trip and stayed there for 2 weeks. As the
name suggests, it wasn't a holiday. Although I do think I couldn't experienced
the city as much as I could be, I have some things to tell about it.

While I was there, I decided to capture some footage with my phone, just to make
some edits after. I suggest you watching it before continuing.

<div class="videoWrapper">
<iframe
    max-width=560 max-height=315px
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/6k64p4Lywiw?si=wtsDku-32_tfAPaQ"
    title="YouTube video player"
    frameborder="0"
    allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin"
    allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
</div>

## Streets

My first impression of the city was is how well organized it was. Even though
there are lots of cars and motorcycles on the streets, traffic jams were getting
untagled sooner or later. To a person who lives in Istanbul, this was definitely
a breeze.

Also another thing I noticed about traffic was that, most of the vehicles were
either taxis or food deliveries. Even the "normal looking" cars were doing taxi
work with mobile apps. Almost all of the 2 weeks I used taxis for transportation
and rarely been a passenger for a regular looking taxi. Most of them were normal
people with their own personal cars. This was kind of interesting.

Last thing about streets is there weren't much of pedastrians to be speak of. I
and my colleagues were the only pedastrians walking on sidewalks on those busy
streets, most of time. I don't know if we were almost always hung out on
turistic areas or people of Bangkok don't really walks. Still, it sometimes felt
like I was in a ghost town with so many cars.

![My first picture taken of the streets of Bangkok](/assets/img/travel-logs/bangkok/20241102_224023.jpg)

Commit message:

bangkok: Add more street related stuff and Wat Pho.

_travel-logs/2024-11-02-bangkok.md, after:

---
layout: travel_logs
title: Bangkok
cover: 20241103_174719.jpg
tags: trip
last-visit: 2024-11-02
---

I went to Bangkok as a part of a work trip and stayed there for 2 weeks. As the
name suggests, it wasn't a holiday. Although I do think I couldn't experienced
the city as much as I could be, I have some things to tell about it.

While I was there, I decided to capture some footage with my phone, just to make
some edits after. I suggest you watching it before continuing.

<div class="videoWrapper">
<iframe
    max-width=560 max-height=315px
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/6k64p4Lywiw?si=wtsDku-32_tfAPaQ"
    title="YouTube video player"
    frameborder="0"
    allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share"
    referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin"
    allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
</div>

## Streets

My first impression of the city was is how well organized it was. Even though
there are lots of cars and motorcycles on the streets, traffic jams were getting
untagled sooner or later. To a person who lives in Istanbul, this was definitely
a breeze.

Also another thing I noticed about traffic was that, most of the vehicles were
either taxis or food deliveries. Even the "normal looking" cars were doing taxi
work with mobile apps. Almost all of the 2 weeks I used taxis for transportation
and rarely been a passenger for a regular looking taxi. Most of them were normal
people with their own personal cars. This was kind of interesting.

Last thing about streets is there weren't much of pedastrians to be speak of. I
and my colleagues were the only pedastrians walking on sidewalks on those busy
streets, most of time. I don't know if we were almost always hung out on
turistic areas or people of Bangkok don't really walks. Still, it sometimes felt
like I was in a ghost town with so many cars.

![My first picture taken of the streets of Bangkok](/assets/img/travel-logs/bangkok/20241102_224023.jpg)

Another thing I noticed, while I was walking on the streets is the little temple
like miniature buildings with little statues on it. I obviously understood
that they were shrines but didn't know what exactly they were called and meant.
I didn't get curios about the details of them, until just now. Apparently,
they are called [spirit houses](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spirit_house) and
I have to admit that I feel kinda bummed not to get a small replica of those
houses as souvenir.

![First spirit house I saw](/assets/img/travel-logs/bangkok/20241103_134607.jpg)

People of Thailand seems to prefer eating out as much as possible. Because of
that there are huge number of street food option is available. Because I am a
picky eater, I couldn't dare to taste any of them. Also there is this market
called "Seven-11" that is at the start of every street. I am not kidding about
it; I literally saw it. Well, let's not say "every" street of Bangkok. But some
of the avenues have multiple of them. It is overkill people, come on.

## Wat Pho

Only temple I visited was [Wat Pho](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wat_Pho).
There were lots of shrines and all of them were just simply gorgeous.

![](/assets/img/travel-logs/bangkok/wat_pho/20241103_175945.jpg)
