_travel-logs/2024-07-25-rotasiz-gezgin-koyu.md, before:

---
layout: travel_logs
title: Rotasız Gezgin Koyu
cover: 20240725_192340.jpg
tags: spot
last-visit: 2025-01-05
been-here: multiple
---

Rotasız Gezgin Koyu (English translation: Routeless Traveller Bay), located in
Sarıyer/İstanbul, is a remote bay to chill out. It is at the very north-east
of the European Side.

I sometimes go here to chill out, after work. You can bring your own camping
chair or sit on a rock to enjoy the view. There are also some small places to
camp. But beware that there are strong winds coming from Black Sea.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240801_200643.jpg"
  description="Panoramic picture of the camping spaces"
%}

Sunset is not as spectacular as it should be: There is a hill that blocks the
view. I got a feeling that sunrise should be better, though. Because east side
has a more clear view. But never been there early in the morning so it's only my
assumption.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240801_200802.jpg"
  description="Sunset at the bay"
%}

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240725_193257.jpg"
  description="East side of the bay"
%}

There are two possible entries to the bay and they are ending with two different
bays, which are not connected. Each of the entries are quite narrow. Be careful
not to get yourself scratched by the bushes!

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/250105-rotasiz_gezgin_koyu_entrance.gif"
  description="One of the entrances"
%}

First entry hosts the smaller part of the bay. Once you pass the narrow path,
nice green view will welcome you. This part also has a small beach but sand is
quite rough, though. I sometimes see people swimming in that beach and doing
high dives from rocks inside the sea.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240725_191733.jpg"
  description="Welcoming view"
%}

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240725_193822.jpg"
  description="The beach"
%}

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240725_193031.jpg"
  description="Some of the rocks to do a high dive"
%}

Second part is much more bigger and higher than the sea level. It is not very
possible to swim here. But I like this part more because the view is better.
There are couple of cliffs which have totally different views. But please be
careful when navigating around them because terrain can be quite soft and it can
cause catastrophic results.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240725_192340.jpg"
  description="View from a cliff"
%}

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240801_200117.jpg"
  description="There are rocks to sit on and enjoy the view"
%}

## Where Is It

It is located in Sarıyer/İstanbul Turkey. It is inside the Rumelifeneri Village.
If you follow coast side road to the west, you can see entries located at your
right. They are quite hidden but you can see other people park their vehicles
at the side of the road, in front of both entries. Note that if you see a beach
while following that road: You missed the entries, turn back. Or enjoy yourself
in that beach, your choice.

Exact coordinates are 41.238938396992964, 29.103902008727104 and Google maps
link is
[maps.app.goo.gl/xDqb7HtJQ7Aidqdv8](https://maps.app.goo.gl/xDqb7HtJQ7Aidqdv8).

<div class="iframeWrapper">
<iframe
  src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d1500.112157146137!2d29.1038376!3d41.2386715!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x409fe7e27abb4c15%3A0x408e4ebfd43bed5b!2sRotas%C4%B1z%20Gezgin%20Koyu!5e0!3m2!1sen!2str!4v1736102180660!5m2!1sen!2str"
  style="border:0;"
  allowfullscreen=""
  loading="lazy"
  referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">
</iframe>
</div>

There are some public busses that goes to Rumelifeneri Village. Rumelifeneri
village hosts last stop terminal for that busses. After that, 10 minute walk is
needed. So, it is possible to go there without having a vehicle.

But I suggest going there with your own vehicle at your own pace and listening a
relaxed music at the background. Because roads are twisted and has a good view;
It is quite peaceful to drive slowly. Be cautious, if you ride a motorcycle
though: There are stray dogs near village. Dogs like to hide in blind spots and
chase you when you pass them. Either pass them slowly (they will stop chasing
you) or hold your legs upwards and throttle pass them. They probably won't
**really** attack you.

Commit message:

spot: Add road gif to Routeless Traveller Bay.

_travel-logs/2024-07-25-rotasiz-gezgin-koyu.md, after:

---
layout: travel_logs
title: Rotasız Gezgin Koyu
cover: 20240725_192340.jpg
tags: spot
last-visit: 2025-01-05
---

Rotasız Gezgin Koyu (English translation: Routeless Traveller Bay), located in
Sarıyer/İstanbul, is a remote bay to chill out. It is at the very north-east
of the European Side.

I sometimes go here to chill out, after work. You can bring your own camping
chair or sit on a rock to enjoy the view. There are also some small places to
camp. But beware that there are strong winds coming from Black Sea.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240801_200643.jpg"
  description="Panoramic picture of the camping spaces"
%}

Sunset is not as spectacular as it should be: There is a hill that blocks the
view. I got a feeling that sunrise should be better, though. Because east side
has a more clear view. But never been there early in the morning so it's only my
assumption.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240801_200802.jpg"
  description="Sunset at the bay"
%}

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240725_193257.jpg"
  description="East side of the bay"
%}

There are two possible entries to the bay and they are ending with two different
bays, which are not connected. Each of the entries are quite narrow. Be careful
not to get yourself scratched by the bushes!

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/250105-rotasiz_gezgin_koyu_entrance.gif"
  description="One of the entrances"
%}

First entry hosts the smaller part of the bay. Once you pass the narrow path,
nice green view will welcome you. This part also has a small beach but sand is
quite rough, though. I sometimes see people swimming in that beach and doing
high dives from rocks inside the sea.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240725_191733.jpg"
  description="Welcoming view"
%}

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240725_193822.jpg"
  description="The beach"
%}

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240725_193031.jpg"
  description="Some of the rocks to do a high dive"
%}

Second part is much more bigger and higher than the sea level. It is not very
possible to swim here. But I like this part more because the view is better.
There are couple of cliffs which have totally different views. But please be
careful when navigating around them because terrain can be quite soft and it can
cause catastrophic results.

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240725_192340.jpg"
  description="View from a cliff"
%}

{%
  include image_with_caption.html
  url="/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/20240801_200117.jpg"
  description="There are rocks to sit on and enjoy the view"
%}

## Where Is It

It is located in Sarıyer/İstanbul Turkey. It is inside the Rumelifeneri Village.
If you follow coast side road to the west, you can see entries located at your
right. They are quite hidden but you can see other people park their vehicles
at the side of the road, in front of both entries. Note that if you see a beach
while following that road: You missed the entries, turn back. Or enjoy yourself
in that beach, your choice.

Exact coordinates are 41.238938396992964, 29.103902008727104 and Google maps
link is
[maps.app.goo.gl/xDqb7HtJQ7Aidqdv8](https://maps.app.goo.gl/xDqb7HtJQ7Aidqdv8).

<div class="iframeWrapper">
<iframe
  src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d1500.112157146137!2d29.1038376!3d41.2386715!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x409fe7e27abb4c15%3A0x408e4ebfd43bed5b!2sRotas%C4%B1z%20Gezgin%20Koyu!5e0!3m2!1sen!2str!4v1736102180660!5m2!1sen!2str"
  style="border:0;"
  allowfullscreen=""
  loading="lazy"
  referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">
</iframe>
</div>

There are some public busses that goes to Rumelifeneri Village and the village
is the last stop. After that, 10 minute walk is needed. So, it is possible to go
there without having a vehicle. If you happened the follow the shoreline (it's
cliffs, actually), there are similar views that you can enjoy. These spots are
crowded though.

But I suggest going there with your own vehicle at your own pace and listening a
relaxed music at the background. Because roads are twisted and has a good view;
It is quite peaceful to drive slowly. Be cautious, if you ride a motorcycle
though: There are stray dogs near the village. Dogs like to hide in blind spots
and chase you when you pass them. Either pass them extremely slow (they will
stop chasing you) or hold your legs upwards and throttle pass them; They
probably won't attack you.

![Road to Rumelifeneri Village](/assets/img/travel-logs/rotasiz-gezgin-koyu/250105-rotasiz_gezgin_koyu_road.gif)
